docs/JS.md, before:

Using the MDN JavaScript Reference 
    document the first 4 literal or primitive types, 
    those 3 important built-in values, and 
    at least 10 Arithmetic or Assignment operators. 
    
    Provide examples of each as simple expressions and 
    include the result from the console, REPL, or Scratchpad.

Remember to link the title of each entry to a corresponding page in the documentation, as you'll be adding more to it later!

##[Primitive](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Primitive)

    A primitive (primitive value, primitive data type) is data that is not an Object and does not have any methods.

* In depth
Most of the time, a primitive value is represented directly at the lowest level of the language implementation.

In JavaScript, there are 6 primitive data types:
* String
* Number
* Boolean
* Null
* undefined
* Symbol (new in ECMAScript 6)
* All primitives are immutable (incapable of being changed).


### [Primative: Null](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/null)

    The value null is a JavaScript literal representing null or an "empty" value, <strong>i.e. no object value is present.</strong> It is one of JavaScript's primitive values. A special keyword denoting a null value; null is also a primitive value. Because JavaScript is case-sensitive, null is not the same as Null, NULL, or any other variant

* _symbol_: `null`
* _pronunciation_: "null", "null value", "is null"
* _examples_:
```javascript
null // how exciting
```

### [Primative: Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Values,_variables,_and_literals#Boolean_literals)

    Do not confuse the primitive Boolean values true and false with the true and false values of the Boolean object. The Boolean object is a wrapper around the primitive Boolean data type. See Boolean Object for more information.

* _symbol: `true` and `false`
* _pronunciation_: "boo-lee-ann", 
* _examples_:
```javascript
1 > 2 == false
(2 > 1) == true
("hello JS" != "hello css") == true
```

### [Primative: Number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)

    The Number JavaScript object is a wrapper object allowing you to work with numerical values. A Number object is created using the Number() constructor.

* _symbol: `0123456789`
* _pronunciation_: "integer", "the number", "the operant" 
* _examples_:
```javascript
5
9
9876543210
```

### [Primative: String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)

    The String global object is a constructor for strings, or a sequence of characters.

* _symbol: `"anything between double quotes"` or `'single quotes'`
* _pronunciation_: "the string", 'asdf1234fghj',' "12345" 
* _examples_:
```javascript
"the string"
'this is also a string'
```

## [Build in Values](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects)

    The term "global objects" (or standard built-in objects) here is not to be confused with the global object. Here, global objects refer to objects in the global scope (but only if ECMAScript 5 strict mode is not used! Otherwise it returns undefined). The global object itself can be accessed by the this operator in the global scope. In fact, the global scope consists of the properties of the global object (including inherited properties, if any).

    Other objects in the global scope are either created by the user script or provided by the host application. The host objects available in browser contexts are documented in the API reference. For more information about the distinction between the DOM and core JavaScript, see JavaScript technologies overview.

### [Infinity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Infinity)

    The global Infinity property is a numeric value representing infinity.
    Infinity is a property of the global object, i.e. it is a variable in global scope.
    The initial value of Infinity is Number.POSITIVE_INFINITY. The value Infinity (positive infinity) is greater than any other number. This value behaves mathematically like infinity; for example, any positive number multiplied by Infinity is Infinity, and anything divided by Infinity is 0.
    Infinity is displayed when a number exceeds the upper limit of the floating point numbers, which is 1.797693134862315E+308.
    Infinity is displayed when a number exceeds the lower limit of the floating point numbers, which is -1.797693134862316E+308.
    
* _symbol: `Infinity`
* _pronunciation_: "", "", 
* _examples_:
```javascript
1/0  // Infinity
Infinity*2 //Infinity
```
    
### [NaN]()

### [undefined]()


### [Operator: Addition](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Arithmetic_Operators#Addition_(.2B))

* _symbol_: `+`
* _pronunciation_: "plus", "added to"
* _examples_:
```javascript
1 + 2 + 3 // 6, of course
'1' + 2 + 3 // '123', obviously... WTF?
```

Commit message:

Added 3 built-in values of interest: Infinity, NaN, and undefined.

docs/JS.md, after:

Using the MDN JavaScript Reference 
    document the first 4 literal or primitive types, 
    those 3 important built-in values, and 
    at least 10 Arithmetic or Assignment operators. 
    
    Provide examples of each as simple expressions and 
    include the result from the console, REPL, or Scratchpad.

Remember to link the title of each entry to a corresponding page in the documentation, as you'll be adding more to it later!

##[Primitive](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Primitive)

    A primitive (primitive value, primitive data type) is data that is not an Object and does not have any methods.

* In depth
Most of the time, a primitive value is represented directly at the lowest level of the language implementation.

In JavaScript, there are 6 primitive data types:
* String
* Number
* Boolean
* Null
* undefined
* Symbol (new in ECMAScript 6)
* All primitives are immutable (incapable of being changed).


### [Primative: Null](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/null)

    The value null is a JavaScript literal representing null or an "empty" value, <strong>i.e. no object value is present.</strong> It is one of JavaScript's primitive values. A special keyword denoting a null value; null is also a primitive value. Because JavaScript is case-sensitive, null is not the same as Null, NULL, or any other variant

* _symbol_: `null`
* _pronunciation_: "null", "null value", "is null"
* _examples_:
```javascript
null // how exciting
```

### [Primative: Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Values,_variables,_and_literals#Boolean_literals)

    Do not confuse the primitive Boolean values true and false with the true and false values of the Boolean object. The Boolean object is a wrapper around the primitive Boolean data type. See Boolean Object for more information.

* _symbol: `true` and `false`
* _pronunciation_: "boo-lee-ann", 
* _examples_:
```javascript
1 > 2 == false
(2 > 1) == true
("hello JS" != "hello css") == true
```

### [Primative: Number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)

    The Number JavaScript object is a wrapper object allowing you to work with numerical values. A Number object is created using the Number() constructor.

* _symbol: `0123456789`
* _pronunciation_: "integer", "the number", "the operant" 
* _examples_:
```javascript
5
9
9876543210
```

### [Primative: String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)

    The String global object is a constructor for strings, or a sequence of characters.

* _symbol: `"anything between double quotes"` or `'single quotes'`
* _pronunciation_: "the string", 'asdf1234fghj',' "12345" 
* _examples_:
```javascript
"the string"
'this is also a string'
```

## [Build in Values](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects)

    The term "global objects" (or standard built-in objects) here is not to be confused with the global object. Here, global objects refer to objects in the global scope (but only if ECMAScript 5 strict mode is not used! Otherwise it returns undefined). The global object itself can be accessed by the this operator in the global scope. In fact, the global scope consists of the properties of the global object (including inherited properties, if any).

    Other objects in the global scope are either created by the user script or provided by the host application. The host objects available in browser contexts are documented in the API reference. For more information about the distinction between the DOM and core JavaScript, see JavaScript technologies overview.

### [Infinity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Infinity)

    The global Infinity property is a numeric value representing infinity.
    Infinity is a property of the global object, i.e. it is a variable in global scope.
    The initial value of Infinity is Number.POSITIVE_INFINITY. The value Infinity (positive infinity) is greater than any other number. This value behaves mathematically like infinity; for example, any positive number multiplied by Infinity is Infinity, and anything divided by Infinity is 0.
    Infinity is displayed when a number exceeds the upper limit of the floating point numbers, which is 1.797693134862315E+308.
    Infinity is displayed when a number exceeds the lower limit of the floating point numbers, which is -1.797693134862316E+308.
    
* _symbol: `Infinity`
* _pronunciation_: "Positve infinity is greater than any other number", "Infinity is like 1, any positive number multiplied by it is infinity", 
* _examples_:
```javascript
1/0  // Infinity
Infinity*2 //Infinity
```
    
### [NaN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/NaN)

    The global NaN property is a value representing Not-A-Number.
    NaN is a property of the global object.
    The initial value of NaN is Not-A-Number — the same as the value of Number.NaN. In modern browsers, NaN is a non-configurable, non-writable property. Even when this is not the case, avoid overriding it.
    It is rather rare to use NaN in a program. It is the returned value when Math functions fail (Math.sqrt(-1)) or when a function trying to parse a number fails (parseInt("blabla")).
    Testing against NaN
    Equality operator (== and ===) cannot be used to test a value against NaN. Use Number.isNaN() or isNaN() instead.

* _symbol: `NaN`
* _pronunciation_: "Not a Number",  
* _examples_:
```javascript
?????
```

### [undefined](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined)

    The global undefined value property represents the value undefined. It is one of JavaScript's primitive types.
    undefined is a property of the global object, i.e. it is a variable in global scope. The initial value of undefined is the primitive value undefined.
    In modern browsers (JavaScript 1.8.5 / Firefox 4+), undefined is a non-configurable, non-writable property per the ECMAScript 5 specification. Even when this is not the case, avoid overriding it.
    A variable that has not been assigned a value is of type undefined. A method or statement also returns undefined if the variable that is being evaluated does not have an assigned value. A function returns undefined if a value was not returned.
    Since undefined is not a reserved word, it can be used as an identifier (variable name) in any scope other than the global scope.
 
* _symbol: `undefined`
* _pronunciation_: "the var has not been assigned a value therefore it is undefined",  
* _examples_:
```javascript
console.log (undefined) // undefined
var x=undefined // undefined
```    

### [Operator: Addition](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Arithmetic_Operators#Addition_(.2B))

* _symbol_: `+`
* _pronunciation_: "plus", "added to"
* _examples_:
```javascript
1 + 2 + 3 // 6, of course
'1' + 2 + 3 // '123', obviously... WTF?
```
